# asteroid.py
Starting out with python I decided to work on a fun project. The purpose of asteroid.py is to return to the user a list of all of the close approaches by asteroids on a certain date. If their AHI level is greater than 1 (more on that later), it will print out useful information about the asteroid such as diameter in meters and closest approach in lunar distance. All of those values can be manually changed by the user if they so wish. The program was made to be as adaptable and as useful as possible. The Asteroid Hazard Index (AHI) is a piecewise function I created specifically for this program. It has 5 levels, with 0 being no threat at all and 5 being shit is about to go down, pretty much. If an asteroid has an AHI value of 0, all it will display is the asteroid's name and the AHI value. You can use snippits (or all) of the code for any of your personal projects. All I ask is somewhere, credit this repository with a comment in the code if you do upload it or share it at all. If you have any questions about the code, I check the comments frequently so just drop a comment somewhere and I'll answer it ASAP. This can be a bit finicky so when you get it, you will see a place to put your API key. To get your API key, go to https://api.nasa.gov/ and get yourself a NASA API key, then go and copy and paste your API key in. Because NASA will be NASA, it also may have issues running on some systems and refuses to cooperate with online interpreters. Hence why you need to run it in your command prompt or in VSC. 
